Update md v 2023 q1 (#38)
UtrechtUniversity/research-engineering: index.md

> - We also offer **short-term engineering** support as a free service. During a period of a few months, you will have regular meetings with one or two Research Engineers, with the aim of developing a proof-of-concept or exploring a new method for your research.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We also offer **short-term engineering** support as a free service. During a period of a few months, you will work together with two or three Research Engineers, with the aim of developing a proof-of-concept or exploring a new method for your research.
```

Reviewer 2: I am in favor of keeping the "have regular meetings", since it is more specific. Agree with the other change of course.

Reviewer: How about "work together and have regular meetings"? I think only "have regular meetings" may be suggesting there will be only meetings

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me!

- [**Long-term support**](_pages/long-term-support/index.md) is possible and can be tailored to your project, provided that funding is available for our services. We can also help you write the technical aspect of your grant proposal, in which our support is included.

> We believe that collaboration leads to better science and more impact. We work collaboratively and iteratively, since we depend on the researcher's domain expertise to steer the project. Furthermore, a close collaboration enables researchers to build digital skills and thereby empowering them in their work. We therefore expect researchers to be committed to regular meetings for the duration of the project. With our knowledge of technology and methodology, we make valuable contributions to scientific projects. Our engineers regularly co-author [scientific papers](_pages/publications/index.md), presentations and proposals. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We believe that collaboration leads to better science and more impact. We work collaboratively and iteratively, since we depend on the researcher's domain expertise to steer the project. Furthermore, a close collaboration enables researchers to build digital skills and thereby empowering them in their work. We therefore expect researchers to be committed to regular meetings for the duration of the project. With our knowledge of technology and methodology, we make valuable contributions to scientific projects. Our engineers regularly co-author [scientific papers](_pages/publications/index.md), presentations and proposals.
```
